Databases are organized collections of data that can be easily accessed,
managed, and updated. They form the backbone of most software systems,
enabling efficient data storage and retrieval.

1.  Introduction to Databases A database is a structured set of data
    held in a computer, especially one that is accessible in various
    ways. Databases are used in almost every area — banking, e-commerce,
    healthcare, education, and more.

2.  Types of Databases

-   Relational Databases (RDBMS): Store data in tables with
    relationships (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL).
-   NoSQL Databases: Handle unstructured data (e.g., MongoDB,
    Cassandra).
-   In-Memory Databases: Store data in main memory for faster access
    (e.g., Redis).
-   Graph Databases: Represent data as nodes and relationships (e.g.,
    Neo4j).

3.  Database Management Systems (DBMS) A DBMS is software that manages
    databases. It handles data definition, manipulation, and control.
    Examples: Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, SQLite.

4.  SQL: Structured Query Language SQL is the standard language for
    interacting with relational databases. Key commands include:

-   SELECT: Retrieve data from tables.
-   INSERT: Add new data.
-   UPDATE: Modify existing data.
-   DELETE: Remove data.
-   CREATE TABLE: Define new tables.

Example: SELECT name, age FROM students WHERE grade > 80;

5.  Database Normalization Normalization organizes data to reduce
    redundancy and improve integrity. Common forms include:

-   1NF: Eliminate repeating groups.
-   2NF: Remove partial dependencies.
-   3NF: Remove transitive dependencies.

6.  Indexing and Keys Indexes speed up queries, while keys (Primary,
    Foreign, Unique) maintain data consistency.

-   Primary Key: Uniquely identifies a record.
-   Foreign Key: Establishes relationship between tables.

7.  Transactions and ACID Properties Transactions ensure reliable
    database operations with the following properties:

-   Atomicity: All-or-nothing execution.
-   Consistency: Maintain valid data state.
-   Isolation: Transactions don’t interfere.
-   Durability: Results persist after completion.

8.  Backup and Recovery Regular backups protect against data loss.
    Recovery mechanisms restore data in case of system failure.

9.  Security and Permissions Database security includes authentication,
    authorization, encryption, and auditing.

10. Emerging Trends Modern databases support cloud scalability,
    distributed systems, and AI-driven optimization.

Conclusion Databases are fundamental to data-driven systems.
Understanding how they store, manage, and protect information is crucial
for software development and data science.
